Why did Lolo suddenly call me out?
Xu Feng, I have decided to stay in China
Re-open a wedding dress design studio
Is it because of him?
That night at the restaurant
I saw it all
You promised me before
It's because of him too
You saw it all
I drank too much that night.
I was too impulsive.
But I've decided to give up on him
That means I still have a chance
Xu Feng you
Lele, I know you definitely haven't put it down yet
But you can also like me in everything
I can wait.
What do you think?
I can't guarantee this.
But I can try.
Don't be afraid, I'll be right over.
What about Miaomiao?
He went to prepare other things.
Auntie he
Lolo
My mom wants to say a few words to you